In North Bend Psychiatric Hospital, Tammy
is getting scared of a shadow approaching
her room.
Just then, she is lifted and killed during
the night.
What is happening?
Who is the murderer?
This is Movie Shortens.
Follow us today to the movie titled: The Ward.
Be aware: There are spoilers!
A young girl in lingerie named Kristen hides
herself from the police.
She runs to an abandoned house and sets fire.
Two police officers arrest her regardless
of her discontent.
She is immediately taken to the psychiatric
hospital.
There are bruises and cuts on her face and
body.
The nurses help her to clean up and dress.
They tell her supposed to go to jail, not
this hospital.
Kristen follows an orderly called Roy, who
welcomes her to heaven.
He warns her to follow the rules or she'll
be in more trouble.
Next, the chief nurse named Lundt takes Kristen
to her room, which was previously Tammy’s.
n
At night, while Kristen is sleeping, her blanket
is pulled by an unseen force under the bed.
She wakes up and looks for it, only to find
a broken alphabet charm bracelet.
The following morning, Dr Stringer enters
the room and finds Kristen sleeping on the
floor.
She tells him that someone took her blanket
during the night.
Stringer asks the nurse Lundt but she says
the door stays closed all the time.
Lundt then tells Kristen to intake some morning
pills but she refuses to, saying she’s not
crazy.
Kristen then trambles the pills, making the
nurse angry.
At noon, Kristen meets with other patients
in the ward: an artistic Iris, a pretty Sarah,
a naughty Emily, and a child-like Zoey.
Roy calls Kristen and takes her to see Dr
Stringer again.
He asks if Kristen can remember anything before
the fire yesterday.
Kristen is confused and says she can’t recall
any memory other than the fire.
Kristen insists that she is not crazy.
She then secretly steals a knife on the table.
Before bedtime, Roy watches Kristen until
she swallows all the pills.
Just then, she spits them all out in the pillow
and draws the stolen knife, attempting to
escape from the ward.
However, Roy spots and throws her back to
the room.
During the night, Kristen hears some footsteps
and sees a mysterious shadow passing her room.
The next day, Roy brings her casual clothes
and lets her get used to the life in the ward.
Kristen soon befriends other girls.
While outdoors, Kristen notices a couple looking
at her and the friends.
Emily tells her that they usually come here
and the girls name them “sad people”.
Emily sings a song, implying that someone
mysterious came into her room.
However, Iris assures Kristen that there is
nothing wrong here as Emily describes.
At night, the girls turn on some music and
have some fun together.
Kristen becomes more open to her friends.
Suddenly, a loud thunder strikes and causes
a blackout.
Zoey rushes to hug Kristen, saying that she
hates the dark as it brings bad things.
As the nurse on duty leaves the office, Kristen
sneaks in and checks on the files.
Emily and Sarah also join her but they find
nothing.
Later, all the girls enjoy the hot shower.
When others are finished, Kristen is left
alone in the bathroom.
Suddenly, a burnt figure appears and chokes
Kristen.
She shouts out loud and becomes paranoid.
Lundt storms in to check on her and decides
to sedate her down with an injection.
Just then, Kristen finds herself in a stretcher.
She is taken to an operating room.
Dr Stringer puts a towel in her mouth, saying
that they won’t hurt her.
Kristen is then electroshocked and turns to
a blackout.
The orderlies bring her back to the room after
that.
The following day, Dr Stringer calls the girls
and decides to talk to each one at a time
about the shower time yesterday.
Other girls mention Tammy, who was told to
be the only one who can escape out of the
ward.
When Kristen asks about Tammy, Dr Stringer
just ignores and tells others not to talk
about it.
Finishing the session therapy, Iris happily
comes in and tells others that today could
be her last therapy session.
She’ll be released soon thanks to her great
progress.
Iris follows a nurse to see Dr Stringer for
the last mental evaluation.
In the doctor room, Dr Stringer uses a metronome
to unlock Iris' hidden memories.
When the orderly enters to bring Iris out,
they find her missing.
Elsewhere in the hospital, Iris is secretly
taken away by the unseen figure on a wheelchair.
She is then killed tragically.
Several days later, Kristen keeps asking the
girls and staff about Iris but they say she
has returned home.
Kristen sees Iris’s sketchbook left in her
room and believes that people are lying.
Kristen looks over some of Iris’s portraits
and sees a little girl named Alice.
On the top page, there is a scary figure named
Alice Hudson, which looks exactly like the
ghostly figure that attacked her in the bathroom
the other day.
Thinking about the broken bracelet, Kristen
puts the letters together, which spells out
the name "ALICE".
Later, she confronts Stringer about Alice.
She thinks Alice Hudson is the ghost that
haunts all of them.
Kristen thinks the girl Tammy, little Alice
and Iris were taken away.
However, Dr Stringer denies the idea about
ghosts and tells Kristen to stop over thinking.
Roy is called to bring Kristen back to the
room.
Kristen then confronts the girl about Alice
Hudson.
Emily reveals that Alice Hudson used to have
treatment here but she got out years ago.
Kristen announces to the friends that she’ll
get out of this crazy ward at all cost.
She then asks Zoey to lend her the penny,
which Zoey always holds in her mouth.
At night, Emily and Kristen prepare for the
runaway.
Nurse Lundt checks carefully if Kristen swallows
all the pills.
After that, Kristen and Emily escape as planned.
Kristen uses the coin to open the vent and
the two crawl along to get out.
Meanwhile, Lundt learns about their plan.
The alarm is raised around the hospital.
The two have to hide in an operating room.
As they hear footsteps, Kristen and Emily
separate.
Kristen makes it at the entrance but Alice’s
figure suddenly appears.
Kristen is knocked out on the floor and Roy
turns out to be the one who hit her.
The next morning, Kristen meets with Emily
again.
While the girls have TV time, Sarah mocks
Emily and Kristen about their failed escape.
Emily turns the volume up to send Sarah away.
While checking the makeup on a mirror, Sarah
notices Alice’s ghost from behind.
She shouts out for help but due to the TV
noise, no one can hear her.
Sarah is then taken by Alice and gets electro-shocked
to death.
Meanwhile, Zoey becomes paranoid and continues
to talk about the figure.
Kristen notices there is a letter “A.H”
on the teddy bear that Zoey always holds by
herself.
She then questions Emily and Zoey about Alice
again.
The two admit that Tammy teamed up with the
girl and killed Alice because she was bad
and kept hurting all of them in the past.
Zoey says Alice is after them for revenge.
Emily becomes scared and runs away.
Zoey and Kristen chase after her.
Emily holds a scalpel and intends to commit
suicide.
Alice’s ghost appears again and slits the
girl in the neck.
Kristen tells Zoey that she’ll help them
out of the ward.
Next, she uses Zoey as a pretend hostage and
threatens the nurse to open the door.
Lundt follows her but still makes it to raise
the alert around the ward.
At the elevator, Roy comes in and attacks
Kristen from behind.
The staff immediately sedate her.
Kristen later is locked in a straitjacket.
Lundt and Roy force her to swallow the medicine.
Just then, she manages to untighten the jacket
and spits all the pills.
Kristen knocks Lundt and a male orderlie.
She takes Zoey with her in the night.
The two run away until they reach a service
elevator.
Kristen lets Zoey in first because it fits
one person at a time.
Zoey is captured by the ghost just after that.
Kristen is then pursued by the ghost.
At the end, she decides to fight back.
Eventually, she can destroy Alice's ghost
with an ax.
Running through the office to find Zoey, Kristen
ends up in Dr Stringer’s room.
She finds a file of Alice Hudson with a detailed
treatment.
There are all the girls’ names in it including
Kristen.
Dr Stringer enters and tells Kristen the truth:
her real name is Alice Hudson.
She was kidnapped from her home 8 years ago
by a pervert.
Alice was left chained up for months in the
basement of the same house "Kristen" had fired.
After the trauma, Alice has suffered from
multiple personality disorder.
She created herself Zoey, Sarah, Iris and
Emily.
Through experimental techniques, Dr Stringer
claims that the treatments were working until
"Kristen" appeared.
"Kristen" is yet another invention of Alice's
mind to protect itself from reliving the trauma
at the basement.
Dr Stringer now has to use hypnotherapy to
reawaken Alice's memories.
Suddenly, Alice's ghost reappears and throws
herself and "Kristen" out of the window.
Just then, Alice returns to her true self.
At the end, the couple looking at Kristen
earlier are her parents.
Dr Stringer informs that Alice’s cured and
ready to be home under supervision.
When Alice opens the cabinet, “Kristen”
comes out and attacks her.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!